publish the 4.10 version (#1084)
wallarm/product-documentation: docs/latest/updating-migrating/older-versions/what-is-new.md

## Optimized and more secure NGINX-based Docker image

The [Docker image of Wallarm's NGINX-based filtering node](../../admin-en/installation-docker-en.md) has been revamped for enhanced security and optimization. Key updates include:

* The Docker image is now built on Alpine Linux, replacing Debian, to provide a more secure and lightweight artifact.
* Updated to the latest stable version of NGINX, 1.24.0, replacing the previous 1.14.x version. Although most vulnerabilities in 1.14.x were patched by the Debian team (the prior image was based on Debian 10.x), upgrading to 1.24.0 addresses remaining vulnerabilities for improved security.

> * Support for ARM64 processor operating systems, which is automatically identified during the installation process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Support for processors with ARM64 architecture, which is automatically identified during the installation process.
```
